[DOC-11064] Update Cloud Upgrade Policy (#18946)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy.md

### CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} and {{ site.data.products.basic }} automatic upgrades

CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} clusters default to automatic upgrades for both new patch versions and new major versions. If you [disable manual upgrades]({% link cockroachcloud/cluster-management.md %}#manage-cluster-upgrades), to maintain support for the cluster, you must manually upgrade it to a later major version before its current version reaches End of Support (EOS).

> CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters are automatically updated to new patch versions, as well as new major versions to maintain support.

Author: ```suggestion
CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters are automatically upgraded to new patch versions, as well as new major versions to maintain support.
```

## Major version upgrades

Major version [releases]({% link releases/index.md %}) contain new functionality and may include backward-incompatible changes to CockroachDB. {{ site.current_cloud_version }} is an example of a major version.

Major version upgrades are:

- Automatic for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }}.
- Enabled by default on {{ site.data.products.standard }} clusters.
- Not enabled on CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}.

> On CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} with manual upgrades, and on CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}, a major-version upgrade can be initiated by an [Org Administrator]({% link cockroachcloud/authorization.md %}#org-administrator). Major versions labeled Regular releases are required upgrades, and Innovation releases are optional. When a new major version is available, you can [start an upgrade]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-to-{{site.current_cloud_version}}.md %}) from the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console. The cluster will be upgraded to the latest patch release within that major version.

Author: ```suggestion
On CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} with automatic upgrades disabled, and on CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}, a major-version upgrade can be initiated by an [Org Administrator]({% link cockroachcloud/authorization.md %}#org-administrator). Major versions labeled Regular releases are required upgrades, and Innovation releases are optional. When a new major version is available, you can [start an upgrade]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-to-{{site.current_cloud_version}}.md %}) from the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console. The cluster will be upgraded to the latest patch release within that major version.
```
